Anyway... fucking insomnia again. Can barely sleep anymore. Just this fucking life man. I am so tired of it. Western countries are taking hostile action against me. That is the truth of it. Just like microsoft didn't care when they fired me, neither do any of these western countries. I'm in a war zone. Fighting all you fucking pieces of shit. That's how I see it. Screw you. You people cannot comprehend how much I've started to hate you all. Worst is that you people take me for a fucking idiot like I can't see what's happening. Literally 0 braincells. My entire life I had to deal with abusive bullshit from humans because they are all fucking idiots with 0 brain cells. I'm done. I'm going to war against this world. If I want to burn everything down, it's because you fuckers make it impossible for me to have a normal happy life. Like what microsoft did, going after one of the few people in this world who supported me (my former manager) ... just because some shitheads techbros were jealous and cried about "preferential treatment"... . fuck you, just made because I was friends with my manager. Too much rage. I'm just going to stare at the ceiling for the rest of the day. Most of all, I hate the Belgian government, for being american lapdogs. They could have stopped this, yet they are playing along. I don't know this for a fact, but unlike you people, I have actual brain cells which allow me to simply know things.

Just fucking hate people. Always working harder then everyone. Sacrificing more then everyone else. Just to be unemployed and broke, meanwhile all the idiot tech bros in the gov and private sector space are getting rich barely doing anything and living the easy life, while having "strong opinions" about everything I do. Fuck, some like that french fucker fsociety and his followers tried to dox me in the past when I used to drop 0days. Some idiot with 0 talent. I fucking hate these people. They make me extremely violent. I want nothing to do with infosec ever again. I will fucking attack you if anyone of you is within a 1km radius of me. Same for you gov spooks, fucking pieces of shit. Just as transphobic as the tech bros. If not, none of this would have happened. So now you try to cover up your "strategic mistake" by portraying me as a lunatic or terrorist. I don't even need to know for sure that this is what is being said right now, because this is how well I know you people, how petty you all are. You will burn for this. Fucking shitheads. Don't come near me, ever, I will fucking end your life.

This really just makes me feel like im a teenager again, going from mental institute to mental institute, getting tied to beds in small empty isolation cells for weeks at a time, with nothing to do but stare at the ceiling all day. I'm not free anymore. I'm being denied to oppurtunity to generate an income. I cant see my friends anymore. Havnt seen them in over a year. I can't go backpacking in the arctic. I already had to cancel my ski expedition due to being broke, and I cant go hiking this summer either. I'm stuck in this small bedroom, just staring at the ceiling. And it's just the same. People denying me my dignity and freedom. I honestly believe people just want me to take my own life and stop being a problem for them. Because that seems to be what is being aimed for here. And nobody does anything. All just being spectators. Just the same again like when I dropped 0days. Much more convenient to portray me as some dangerous lunatic or cyber terrorist. I'm smart enough to know what's happening. And at this point, unless Microsoft pays my former manager many millions and apologizes to him (sincerely), there is no way this will ever be forgiven. And if you think this work is just luck (again) .. then I guess you are all about to find out (again) in the future and coming years. Because I garantuee you, this isn't luck. I know the process. I know how to do research. Underrestimate me again at your own peril. Although I guess if having me kill myself doesn't work out for you, you might try to just assasinate me... definitely something the ugly american transphobes would push for... but then again, if you come after me, you might just have a heart attack and drop dead. Strange things happen in this world. Just saying.

I am most dissappointed by my own country. bc whatevee narrative the americans are telling them, its false, they just dont want a transgender person to win at anything. Its more convenient to ruin my life. It is very depressing and I should just go to China... go where people want you and respect you. Im not a dog, im a bear and I have my pride and dignity. If any decent human reads this, make this stop. Make this shitshow stop.


Update: Time to get serious tomorrow. Now that I 100% know my work is unique, novel and better then the cutting edge of QS algos... I know what to do now. I dont know why you people are doing this. I just know I hate you for it and it's time to end this. Give me a couple of days.... you're all idiots. Had I not been transgender, all of this would have gone different, I know thats exactly the reason... you are all fucking idiots. Who is behind this? All the fucking anti-trans troglodytes in the trump admin? Fucking morrons. The future is going to be gay and I'm a real woman and be careful what you say and do next, because I will remember everything and I'm just getting started in my math journey. It's time you assholes learn a lesson about how this world works and what respect means.

Update: Reading up on multi-polynomial quadratic sieve and self initializing quadratic sieve today and yesterday... something I had postponed doing because I was too pre-occupied doing my own thing. But yes. MY APPROACH IS BETTER. I NEED FAR SMALLER FACTOR BASES. I just need to write optimized code and really think about the design. But the math is correct. It is 100% novel. It is better. Why are you people doing this? I know you people know I'm right too. I know you're not all idiots. I just wanted a job and justice for my former manager. That is all. Would have cost you people nothing in the grand scheme of things, far less then it is costig you now and will cost you in the future. You cornered me and gave me no other choice. One day, you people will be judged for this. I'll finish the PoC and start making a lot of noise about it I guess... since I am treated like a foreign adversary and given no other options... almost like you people want me to behave in a certain way so it better fits your own narrative. When the day comes to reveal your narrative.... I would be very careful... bc it will decide anything I will do in the future. There's things that cant be forgiven, ever.... my life is already ruined, but if you also ruin the lifes of those around me... I promise you, you better kill me, because there will be hell to pay otherwise.

UPDATE: THIS WORK IMPROVES MULTI-POLYNOMIAL QUADRATIC SIEVE, IN THEORY IT IMPROVES IT ^2. I KNOW WHAT TO DO NOW. DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL. DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL FOR THE ENDLESS SUFFERING WHILE YOU ALL KNEW ALL ALONG I WAS RIGHT. I JUST KNOW IT. I KNOW IT FOR THE SAME REASON I KNOW EVERYTHING ELSE. POLAR BEAR INSTINCT. GO TO HELL. I WILL PUNCH ALL YOU ASSHOLES. DONT EVER CROSS MY PATH. WHATS YOUR PLAN ANYWAY? HOPING TO GET RID OF 1024 BIT KEYS BEFORE THE CHINESE CATCH ON? LOL. FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU FOR THINKING I DONT SEE WHATS HAPPENING.

AND FUCK YOU ALL MOST OF ALL FOR TREATING ME LIKE THIS, AGAIN. I WAS WILLING TO SELL MY WORK FOR A LONG TIME. YOU ALL MADE IT IMPOSSIBLE. YOU FORCED ME DOWN THIS ROAD. FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU HAVE DONE. FUCK YOU FOR DENYING ME ANY CHANCE AT A BETTER LIFE AND BEING HELLBEND TO MAKE IT AS MISERABLE AS POSSIBLE. WHATS YOUR PLAN NEXT HUH? GOING TO JUST SILENTLY PATCH IT AND PRETEND NOTHING EVER HAPPENED AND DOWNPLAY IT, LIKE YOU PEOPLE ALWAYS DO? FUCK YOU. DONT EVER COME NEAR ME, I WILL FUCKING DESTROY YOU. ALL OF YOU. FUCK THIS INDUSTRY. AND FUCK WESTERN COUNTRIES FOR ALWAYS TREATING ME LIKE FUCKING SHIT. GO TO HELL. FUCKING IDIOTS. MORRONS. YOU PEOPLE ARE FUCKING BRAINDEAD. 

AND FUCK MICROSOFT, FUCKING SHITHEAD TECH BROS. AND FUCK THE ASSHOLES POINTING A GUN AT ME BEING ALL LIKE "WELCOME TO AMERICA BITCH" ..... YEA, I GOT A MUCH BIGGER GUN, WELCOME TO POLAR BEAR COUNTRY BITCHES. HAHAHA. WHERE WE ARE GOING, WE WONT BE NEEDING OUR SANITY. I WILL BREAK YOU ALL. ILL BREAK YOUR FUCKING MINDS. YOU WILL ALL BURN FOR THIS.

As a polar bear you can sense when a wolf pack is stalking you. And I have been sensing a wolf pack nearby for months now. Ofcourse wolves also know they are completely outmatched against a polar bear. 

Update 24 June:

Uploaded QSv3_041.py 

use: python3 Qsv3_046.py -keysize 130
Improved the previous version. Will factor 130 in a couple of minutes with a factor base of 1000.
I reduced the need for ram a little. With 8 workers and a factor base of 1000 you will use about 20gb of ram. Reduce the worker count if this is too much.

The algorithm is really good at finding smooths. I just need to start implementing bottlenecks in cython now. Then we'll see if we can outperform implementations like "msieve". 

There's also a bunch of bugs still which are slowing down the algorithm.

I'll address everything in the coming days.. just really depressed. You know, 35, I've spent the last year, completely alone, just living at my parents home. Never seeing any people. Never seeing any friends. Hell, people odn't even reach out to me anymore.
Before that, when I was still living abroad. I did all these surgeries and took hormones, to finally be myself. And now I'm just always alone. And I just really want to be a woman, and live life. But I'm just always alone. And I hate it. There is days I really want to end my own life. There is days I am very close to it. My parents are great, and they try their best to be supportive. But I just feel like my life is over. I tried for a long time. Cant find employment. Nothing. Some days I think people want me to kill myself. Its the only conclusion I can come too. I mean, law enforcement has been chasing away 0days buyers too. They want me to do cybercrime or kill myself. Because I know how these people are. The only good person in this industry was my former manager, but they ruined his life too.

I keep having this nagging feeling I should maybe backtrack and go back to doing the stuff I was doing before. But let me just implement this in cython first... atleast then I can have a proper idea how it compares to highly optimized QS implementations like msieve. If it outperforms it, then that validates my work. If not... I will just backtrack and try to work with coefficients pairings and just spent some more time doing pure research and figure out how I can use all my findings. Anyway... only slept for 2 hours. I ran 22 KM yesterday..... all this running isnt very good for sleep. Probably shouldn't have ran 7pm-9pm too I guess. Running is the only thing keeping me alive. When I run, I'm free from everything. Nothing matters.

The thing I hate the most, is that for a while, I was finally finding the courage to be myself. I really just want to go outside, wear dresses, wear high heels. Just present super feminine. Whatever. Bc of what happened in 2022-2023... I havnt gone outside anymore wearing anything but gender neutral clothing. I even hide my breasts. Bc of the crippling anxiety of having been harassed and ultimately threatened with a gun. I still carry a knife with me everytime I go out running, ever since I was threatened with a gun... because I don't ever want to feel defenseless like that ever again. People just cannot imagine what it is like to have a complete stranger come after you with a gun in his hands, to be in his line of sight, nowhere to take cover or hide. All he had to do was pull the trigger and I was dead. No words can ever convey the mental damage that moment caused. I probably would have dealt with it by now if it hadn't been for everything that happened after that and what microsoft did. I struggled with so much anger for a long time. Anyway, I'm a woman, I'm going to wear dresses, and bras, and whatever, and I don't care anymore what people say. Angry transphobes are just kind of pathetic anyway. Just depressed. All the people who truely supported me for who I was, I can't even see anymore.. just always being alone dealing with trauma and anxiety.. I struggle a lot. 

Im a real woman. I dont care what people say. Tired of people. People just show their own jealousy itby always crying about people like me. Cry more stupid haters. Hahaha. 

Started porting everything to cython and gmpy2, two libraries that are new to me... so will take some time to properly learn it. And writing pseudo-c is kind of uncomfortable to be honest. But beats having to port all my existing code to pure c I guess.
I am depressed. Just having no income anymore for 2 years now... not having the choice to go backpacking this summer bc of my finances.. always alone in this small room at my parent's home. It's grinding away my mental health. I could do 0days and find a non-EU buyer (since law enforcement is threatening all EU buyers to stay away from me) ... but something tells me if law enforcement is telling people to not buy my work... then I doubt I can safely do 0day research here in Europe... it wouldn't be hard for them to gain access to my work and just report it all to microsoft and have it burned.. I could literall just see months of work go up in flames. Its impossible to do research when the place you are working from is openly hostile to you.
And honestly I really want to keep doing math primarely. Maybe I should try onlyfans while I'm still in my 30s and not too old, or something like that. Maybe there is a niche market for post-op trans women. Although I am really paranoid of even sharing my face online, since with all this deepfake shit.. protecting your face becomes kind of important... definitely since people have already proven in the past they will go to great lengths to harass me. But other days, I just want to say "fuck you, I'm a woman, haha". I guess the isolation is messing with my head. I havn't seen friends in over a year. Just nobody. It is making me deeply depressed.

Reading about multi polynomial sieve at 3am. My work is similar but also completely different. And I just know that im right. Someone is conspiring against me. None of this makes sense. I'm being betrayed and I can almost feel it and I hope you all go to hell.

------------------------------------------- RANT NOT RELATED TO MATH RESEARCH BELOW-----------------------------------
I know shit is about to hit the fan now, for real.
I have been working on this for 2 years. 
2 years ago, I told the msft people who were firing me that I was working on factorization (the lawyers, investigators and HR who was making the decision after my mental breakdown due getting harassed in Redmond).
Shortly after getting fired, I told the FBI many times I was working on factorization. I made it very clear to them during multiple meetings. Yet the state department failed to arrange a visa.
I had no choice return to Europe. 
Upset that I had to leave all my friends behind, that I had known for 4 years, I then for the first time, told the internet (on twitter) that I was working on factorization.
Yet, european law enforcement ended up chasing away potential buyers in europe, threatening them with sanctions for even talking to me. Which to this day, I still do not understand how you can be so dumb.
Everyone knew I was working on this. Yet no way out was given.

I simply did not have a choice. So if again, like last time, when I was forced to drop 0days due to similar circumstances, you again start demonizing me, come do it to my face... ofcourse you would piss yourselves and I would 100% punch you. Cowards.
I know how negatively this will affect my life. I just had no other choices. The only other choice I had was not working on factorization. But I fell in love with factorization, and that's the end of that.
I hope you all got what you wanted, and I hope you will all burn in hell, because I won't ever forgve this.

I know exactly what is going on. And no, nobody has told me anything, so don't get any ideas on that front, because if you go after anyone I know, you will pay, I promise you that.... I know what is going on for the same reason I know everything else. Figure it out. You people just do not seem to understand. I may have sealed my own fate, but so have all of you, by yet again treating me as a dangerous 0day dropping lunatic, who you are so eager to portray as some type of cyber-terrorist... despite all of the hard work I have done in the past, finding very serious bugs in software like secure channel and OpenSsl... after all that, this is what you people default to. I know why, I know politicians, the intel community and the tech industry absolutely despises people like me... this is why everything happened, that has happened. This is why I ended up dropping 0days in the past. This is why people fired the one person in this industry who actually helped me. Some things never change. You people sealed your own fate. You had so many chances, yet you stubbornly chose to go down this road. It is to late, and we're past the point now that things can ever be forgiven. 

Anyway, I need to finish this. Figure out a way to keep doing this fulltime. This will work... but I have this nagging feeling that this isn't what I'm "supposed" to do. There is something really deep and important here and I still can only see its shape vaguely. I really need a couple of months to just read books, study, and go back to doing "pure research"... mess around with quadratic reciprocity again, things like that... I can't describe what I am looking for, but I know I need to do it. I hope I will be alive long enough to succeed, because I know how this world works. I mean, look at all these idiots always crying about transgender people. Do you think in a world with people like that, anything good is ever going to come to someone like me? Hell, I feel bad for everyone around me. People are insane. I deeply regret how this will impact those around me. I do not wish to be around people. I hate everything about humans and the human world. I just need to do my work and finish what I'm supposed to do. I cannot explain it, but I have to succeed at any cost. And damned be those who try to get in my way.

ps: I just saw that msft downgraded the severity of atleast one of my bugs retroactively. They are now saying my IKE rce bug, which was multiple bugs bundled together, one of which was a stack buffer overrun with control over size and contents which could be triggered remotely pre-auth which they have now labeled as info-disclosure lol. Fucking amateurs. So mad that I was better then all of them together. 0 skills. Don't ever cross my path. This is warning. I will end you people. Its funny bc had any of you idiot tech bros found that bug you would have advertised it as critical, since it has all the critera for it being a remote stack buffer overrun. You people dont know what you're doing. Incompetence. Yes, some of those bugs it was bundled with was OOB read. But the deepest bug was a stack buffer overrun if you matched a certain predefined vendor_id (0patch blog mentioned some bug in the vendor_id parsing itself, but the actual rce bug was much deeper in the logic for a specific vendor id). Fucking infosec losers. My whole career, and especially at msft, constantly trying their best to downplay everything I did.

Msft has been retroactively downplaying my work. They fired my manager claiming he gave me promotions for no reason. My manager, the person who in 2019 came all the way to Belgium to be my friend while all the other infosec assholes were too busy pointing fingers on twitter bc I dropped 0days and who had worked for that company for 27 years. Who was also a navy veteran. The only fucking person in this entire shit industry with balls. You went after him while at the same time rewriting history. If there is any justice in this world, do not let microsoft get away with this. They knew what they were doing. I promise you that. It's a culture of incompetence and laziness, a tech aristocracy too busy peacocking and going after anyone they feel threatened by. Why should they be allowed to so casually ruin the lifes of people? Don't give me a l1 visa if you just intend to threaten me with a gun in redmond and kick me back out. They knew what they were doing, and I want justice for what they did to my manager. Even if I were to die tomorrow, or next week, I would still want justice. Without justice there cant ever be peace, I will haunt them from beyond the grave if I must.

Anyway, I know nobody has the balls to do anything about microsoft. Half these americans are too busy trying to portray me as incompetent and the other half is probably to busy trying to figure out how to portray me as the anti-christ because I'm transgender and know how to find security issues. Two years have gone by, I cant work anymore because of all the trauma microsoft caused, I struggle with insomnia, stay awake at night, reliving getting a chased by some stranger with a gun in Redmond, thinking about what microsoft did to the one person in this industry who ever made the effort to actually help me and be a friend. I havnt seen any of my friends anymore in over a year (friends like my former teamleader). For 2 years my life has been a nightmare. Why does a company get to ruin lifes like this so carelessly? Why doesn't anyone do anything? I will see justice, even if it means trying to succeed with my math until the bitter end, even it it takes me another 20 years. I wont ever stop. 

And for sure the fbi isn't going to do anything. They are best buddies with microsoft and they are also full of shit. Don't say all this shit about getting me a visa and whatnot if you cant pull it off. Just bullshit and a waste of time. I should have tried harder to just find my way back to Canada when I was still in the PNW during my final months there instead of believing these assholes at the fbi could do anything. They problem with feds is that they are just bullshit. They see bullshit as a means to ahieve an end. Nothing more. Atleast my manager always did what he said he was going to do. Literally, my manager was the only good american I have ever known. I hate all other americans. Go to hell.

I really struggle with stress from trauma. Everytime a car drives past me and I hear someone shouting something, I stare at them and I can't help it. It just triggers my fight or flight. And one day, one of those cars is going to stop and that same situation in Redmond is going to repeat again, but unlike in redmond, I wont walk away this time... because I cant go trough it again, when that day comes, someone is going to die, me or them. And I dont understand it, why it affects me so much. I think it really was all the bad things 

that happened in a really short time after getting threatened with a gun. I also had a friend die a month later, the day after I had dinner with him... and then half a year later... someone else died who had tried ot help me get employment. Which to this day, I don't even think about because it gives me a knot in my stomach and makes me feel sick. Just so much bad things happened in a really short time. And because of Microsoft firing me right after those things, I didn't even have the time and space to mentally heal from it or to find help. They just pushed me completely over the edge. And now I find myself back in Belgium, seperated from all my friends, unable to cope.... just staring at cars every day I go out for a run. I often have really dark thoughts about ending it, but I need to finish my math, because my math is how I will find justice for all of this. And I cannot allow myself to stop until I succeed. If not for me, then to get justice for my former manager whom microsoft went after with blatant lies.

I'm so depressed. This last year, this reliving 2022-2023. I still cant piece it together. It started in Vancouver in 2022. People just staring at me and randomly shouting insults at me. And then in Redmond, it was 10000 times worse. People calling me "creep, freak, p*do" all that shit. Just non-stop relentless. That day I was threatened with a gun, some people were saying weird shit to me on the trial I was running, acting like I should have known them. Then when I finished running, and was back at the parking lot near my apartment, I had a complete breakdown, just a massive panic attack. And these people with that gun probably saw me being really upset and agitated and decided to antagonize me. I still cant piece it together. I told my manager, I told my teamlead also when it started in 2022 in Vancouver. They also told HR about what happened... so they knew what was going on when they fired me. Nobody took me serious, people just assumed I was psychotic or something. But I wasn't. Bc it rarely happens here in Belgium. The only two theories I can come up with is that it was either all the anti-trans rethoric back in those days or someone was deliberately targeting me. I wish there was some closure, but there isn't. Just a lot of people's lifes who got ruined for reason I dont understand. And now im back in Europe.. and there is just nothing here for me. Just endless unemployment. Bc Europeans are all elitist snobs who hate people like me. They hate raw talent. They just care about fancy degrees, everything else hurts their ego too much. I am very depressed. I am honestly seriously starting to contemplate making it all end. I am very seriously thinking about it lately.
